- [Bryce] Is he talking to him right now?
(background drowns out speaker)
- Yeah.
- Like what
are the freaking chances?
- Yeah.
- Hi.
- Yeah, that happened.
(upbeat music)
Okay, okay, okay, before we begin,
I know that we just left that teaser clip.
(background drowns out speaker)
- Yeah.
- Like what
are the freaking chances?
- We're just gonna walk
you through this experience
as it happened for us.
What?
- I don't trust them.
- Out of everything we
expected to go wrong
and to happen, when did you
think this would happen?
- Never.
- What did you think?
We did not even think
this was a possible thing,
we weren't filming, when it happened,
so we're gonna give you a little bit,
a little bit of story of what happened
before you saw the clip, just barely.
We were leaving, where were we?
Silver Falls, Washington, as you guys saw,
hid a treasure there,
(upbeat music)
which that treasure has now been found,
we're posting updates on our Instagram,
another one coming out in Idaho soon.
We'd just left, we drove, how many hours?
Four or five hours to Spokane.
- I don't even remember anymore,
we had to wake up really early,
so it was just like no
point in paying for parking,
we just decided to go to Walmart.
- So Nellie and Kenzie do
the honors of looking up
which Walmart parking
lots that you can park at,
'cause not all of 'em you can.
- So you guys can actually go online
and look up which Walmarts
have overnight parking
and people leave comments and like reviews
and there were two, one of
them was like super sketch,
a lot of sketchy people
outside and one of them
was like really nice, super
quiet, cool, we'll do that one.
- Yeah, there's all these RVs
and a trailer on one side.
- So I'm watching these people,
there's like cars coming and going,
there's like, they're really loud.
In my mind, I'm like we should move,
even just like 20 feet down,
but I'm like I don't wanna
wake Bryce and Kenzie,
they're just going to bed,
so I'm just like whatever,
I'm gonna lay down, but the
whole time I was laying down,
I'm just thinking about these people
and I watched the lady go into her RV.
- You saw her get in it?
- Yeah.
- So did it happen right then?
- No.
- Did it?
Maybe she broke it loose?
- If you let me watch,
I bet I would have watched it,
- Okay, no to husbands.
- Your fault,
I knew I should have kept watching them.
- She's crawling over to me
to look through the window
at this lady.
- I'd been watching them
for like 10 minutes.
- And I was like,
no, just go to bed.
- I could watch them forever.
- Husbands, if your wife has
an intuition, listen to it.
- I would have saw it coming.
- She would have.
- All of a sudden, we hear
this loud, screeching noise,
it's getting louder and louder
and it sounds like--
- Ready?
One, two, three.
(screeching)
- I don't know, anyway,
it sounds like that,
it's getting louder towards us
and Bryce shoots up super fast,
you know something is
wrong, when he's doing that,
opens his blinds and what did we see?
- This happened.
Crashed into it.
Wait, wait, wait, we gotta tell you
more story details here.
I'm coming into consciousness,
coming out of my sleep,
I fall asleep pretty fast,
- It's ridiculous.
- So I was almost out.
- He shot up, opened the blinds
and we see this trailer just coming
straight towards our window,
like it's coming right at us.
- Yeah,
so half my body's out the window,
as I'm reaching out thinking,
oh, someone's backing up into us,
I can pound on their trailer,
they'll hear it and they'll stop.
- I knew.
- I'm whistling, yelling
and then it just launched me back.
- It was like no stopping,
in fact, you guys,
the lady that had got in
her trailer had no idea.
- She didn't even know it was moving.
So it's after midnight
and we woke up to this.
- [Woman] I don't know who
else to talk to about this,
I don't know what to do and so--
- Whose RV is it or whose trailer is it?
She said she's gonna go talk to this guy.
- So I'm gonna go talk to him
and brainstorm and see what I can do.
- And I'm like, wait, no, at
the scene of some accident,
you want everyone still there.
I think it's best to wait a second,
while we figure out what to do here.
- I called 911, which I've
never done that before.
- And I wish I'd filmed that,
'cause this is how it went.
"Hello, 911."
"Hi, we just got hit,
we're in a motor home
"and a trailer just hit us in the side."
"Oh, okay, ma'am, okay,
is anyone injured?"
"I don't know, but we have a baby."
- Listen, I didn't want them to leave,
I needed the cops to get
there as fast as they could,
great job, 911, they actually
got there pretty fast.
- Actually the cops got there super fast.
- Whose trailer is this?
- [Bryce] This man was standing there.
- [Man] Yeah, Walmart doesn't
even want it in this lot,
they told me I had to get it out of here,
I guess 'cause one of the
axles is broke off of it.
- I was a little nervous,
'cause I didn't know how many
people were in that trailer
and I felt weird when I got out there,
so I was just like concerned about safety.
If people are under the
influence of something,
you know, drugs or alcohol or anything.
- Yeah, we were kind of sketched out.
- You don't know what they're gonna do.
- And the cops were like,
"Even if we do find the owners,
"chances are they don't have insurance,
"they don't have money,"
and we're like probably.
- Life's so short,
it's on us.
The policeman's like, "You know what?"
He's like, "So what's this 50
state treasure thing like?"
Oh yeah, we're filming, we're
hiding treasures all over,
hoping to motivate friends and families
to adventure more in each
state and he's like, "What?
"you've gotta be documenting this,"
'cause at first, you'll notice,
we're kind of renegade filming,
I just kept the camera by my side.
Should we ask if I can document this?
I'm gonna do that first, yeah.
I'm coming right now, I'm just
gonna put out their faces,
but should we ask?
- No.
- Okay.
Then when we got permission,
we started filming more.
- Are you guys renting it or do you--
- No, we just bought it.
- We own it,
we just bought it.
- Are you The Jurgys?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- We're doing a documentary.
- Like and subscribe.
And then he said, "You know what?
"You need the security
footage for your story."
- I don't know if they're
telling the truth or not.
- Yeah.
- I took pictures,
so go ahead and just pull her forward.
- Hey, we don't wanna
give more trouble to them,
we just wanted to make
sure it's taken care of.
- [Officer] Oh, it's not gonna stop.
- So he goes in to get security footage,
this guy was awesome, he's like,
"I'm gonna get it for our
purposes, but you can use it."
He comes back to our RV an hour later,
knocks on the door, after we had moved.
- [Officer] Hey.
- [Bryce] What?
- It looks like a big whale
just coming to get you.
(laughing)
It was pretty funny.
What took so long is I
was trying to figure out
how to burn it to the CD.
- Okay.
- There you go.
Alright, guys.
- Have a good night.
You think we're good here?
- What?
- You think we're good
in this spot?
- Well,
- We're up from the hill.
- Well, you got this
island protecting you,
you got the return cart,
- Yeah.
- I think you're good,
I hope.
- Yeah,
hey, thanks Officer.
- Yeah.
- Have a good night.
- [Officer] You guys have a good one.
- And we checked it and
all it was was an AVI file
and it only shows a
timeline with no video,
so if you're tech savvy and you know
how to pull video out of that,
I used HandBrake, I used VLC,
couldn't figure out how to convert it,
so we're just trying to work
with the police department
to still get the footage again,
if so, we'll post that on,
where should we post it?
Instagram, we'll post it on Instagram.
You need to think of every
possible wrong scenario
that could happen, when you park an RV.
Luckily as you'll notice,
the damage wasn't near as
bad as it rocked the RV.
- It could have been so much worse.
- Thanks Walmart for
letting us park for free.
- Yeah, even though we basically
have to pay for it now.
- Yeah.
- Times like that are all the same.
- We're gonna be hitting up all 50 states,
if you don't know that yet,
please tell your friends
and people that are in different states,
we wanna know the coolest
things to do in each state
and where we should hide our treasures.
- Also, you should find our treasures,
because remember,
- Yeah.
- once you do, you're entered
into our international trip giveaway,
which is huge.
- All you need is a passport,
that's all you need.
- All you need,
for you and a friend or loved one.
- Woo!
Thanks for praying for us,
that the only damage was that.
We love you guys, see you later, bye.
- See you guys.
- Say bye.
(upbeat music)
- You okay?
- Stressed out,
(drowned out by background music)
it's like past midnight, I'm tired.
Seriously, like what are the chances
of like you open a window
and you see like a rolling
trailer coming at you?
Like what the heck?
- I'd say one in three,
'cause it's our third state.
- Next time on The Jurgys.
You guys, I flew a plane,
he let me fly the plane.